[Autogenerated] let us create.
Now the first commit by clicking the project, looking for the team of China.
And now we can see that the seven you in the teamer option as changer.
Remember before we only added two options in this menu.
Now we have all the get options that are available.
Let US Creek commit eclipse shows us the get staging a view automatically.
These view might open in a different place on the perspective.
Remember that you can move this view around the for instance from here to
here just by dragging and dropping into wherever you want.
We have four main areas on these you.
The first Wallner is the own stage changes area,
and we have the get ignore fight in it.
The second one is a staged.
The changes are area.
The third one is the comet message area where you're
supposed to write your comment message, of course,
and the fourth one is a technical one with the author.
The commuter on the two _______ committed,
push and commit a get commit will only take into account
the stage that changes a five other.
So if we want to commit this getting no filer we need to move it
from this on state changed Zona to this stage.
The changes ona just by dragging it on dropping it.
And you can see that once again, the file icon.
Respect of this fight has changed in the Navy's review.
Now there is this little plus sign that has been added to it.
By the way,
if I move this fight back here and just click on this fire a select
team A and other to index here it will do the same.
Move this Feiler to the stage.
The changes are Onda.
Refresh its fight icon.
Respect in the Navy.
Eight of you, Let us add a comet.
Messager created the getting Knoll.
Commit on.
Now we can see that this file has been committed to the git repository.
The file icona has changed in the negative.
You showing that this file has not been modified since the last commit.
Let us go back to this package expert view.
You can see that on the issue that get ignore file is not shown.
It is hidden just because it is a get technical file that has nothing to do with our Java project.